Hah, this Quang Lang Vuong is so ungrateful.
At first, without the full support of my family,
Is there a position of King Quang Lang today?
The result pushed our Li family to such an extent.
Who said you didn't see the wrong person at first?
I remember.
I would rather be kicked out by Li.
We also have to take family resources and make them inhuman.
As a result, people became Quan Minh King.
Immediately turn around and no longer accept people.
Let my Li family fall into the money to do business
Without words, you must take full responsibility.
Brother, see you deliver your good son.
Oh.
Boss.
So brothers and sisters outside can't compare to families.
No one else is dying here, are they?
This is my responsibility.
So my grandfather and my students came back to hope that the family could fully support me.
Will ask through the festival in vain.
The festival is about the building.
Please reduce the number of people who support me.
Hum, you want to be beautiful.
If you're not mistaken, it's extraordinary.
It's made my Li family almost impossible to save.
How can we fall into all the confessions and go forward
Mom husband
Dad, we've made the wrong bet once.
But it is absolutely impossible to continue interweaving the Li family and resources are not strict anymore.
Dear, this Bach Moc International is not only related to family but also related to size.
Please grandpa help me again.
Yes, Li Jia is not alone with you.
Old family in the west where the family worked for many years
Young and smart
Let Chengxi represent my Li family at this meeting on the roof.